Basically, when something bad happens to you, bad people happen to you, it's gonna leave a mark. Mental wound on your brain.
People who think they were abducted by aliens, or people with psychic powers, telepaths and whatnot, are basically people that,
when they were kids, or grown ups, got raped. They might not remember the rape, as rape drug called rohypnol is very popular.
While human is under influence of rohypnol, words spoken to them by the rapist, end up in their brain as a subliminal command.
If you were for example told to get your clothes off, and you drugged said are you gonna rape me, and he said you're a prophet,
there is a high chance what he said will remain in subconsciounces, and you will actually develop something you might consider 
psychic powers. Some tend to think they were abducted by aliens. Another way to hypno people is by using their computer, phone,
radio or tv. Trust me, there is nothing worse then humans on this planet.

Anyway, if you develop depression, or psychosis, or god knows what, it basically means you met a tonne of bad people. The only
way to actually recover, is to have your brain rest and recover by itself. Depending on damage, it may take years to recover,
and some people may never recover. What psychatrists do, is basically ask you a series of questions,
and those questions serve to determine in which manner is your brain wounded, and how it's chemistry is messed up. 
After you answer, psychatriast will give you medication, and that meds sole purpose is to set balance to your brain chemistry,
so your brain goes to resting mode. Sleeping will also rest your brain, which is why coffee usually isn't recommended.

Now, those meds have sideeffects. If you saw movies with mad people getting attacked by bugs, the cause of bugs wasn't their 
schizophrenia, it was sideeffects of meds they were given. If they attack and kill their loved ones, it also wasn't their
illness, it was meds they were given. So, consciously, or subconsciously, some people can tell when some meds are bad, and
refuse to take them. They should simply ask for meds based on something else, instead of refusing to take meds at all.
Shrinks that work in mental instutions and hospitals have a tonne of patients, and they are basically like drug dealers.
They know what each med does, as they've seen things happen with their patients. Some of those shrinks may decide to give you
something bad on purpose. As I said, there is nothing worse then humans on this planet.
